Docs for primitive key support (#4478)
confluentinc/ksql: docs-md/concepts/stream-processing.md

result of the inner `SELECT` feeds into the outer declared collection. You
don't need to declare a schema when deriving a new collection, because ksqlDB
infers the column names and types from the inner `SELECT` statement. The
`ROWKEY` of the row remains the same, unless the query includes either a
`PARTITION BY` or `GROUP BY` clause. The value of the `ROWTIME` column

> sets the timestamp of the record written to Kafka. The value of system columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sets the timestamp of the record written to {{ site.ak }}. The value of system columns
```
